# CrownPlacing-Application
Collaboration with the University Dental Hospital.
Senior Project | Crown preparation stands as a significant challenge for dental college students, The preparation of the crown requires special skills and high accuracy, as it is a crucial step in the therapeutic work on patients’ teeth. The creation of an accurate crown is imperative to prevent potential health risks such as periodontal (gum) disease, inflammations, and associated complications. Consequently, dental instructors continuously strive to ensure students attain proficiency in this crucial skill.

The evaluation process by instructors during the semester is a time-consuming process that requires high-level skills. Some instructors may overlook certain errors due to the high volume of students in que as well as calibration issues. Moreover, there may be students who require special attention and continuous feedback, which becomes challenging within the constraints of a limited time.

Therefore, Crown Placing is an intelligent application that facilitates the evaluation of crown preparation procedure. This application provides an interactive and educational tool that guides students through the crown preparation process. The application utilizes artificial intelligence to analyze images of crown preparation, identify errors, and provide standardized formative feedback.  Student can then make the necessary modifications without requiring the instructor's intervention every time. This application proves highly advantageous, in terms of time preservation and providing the students with continuous on the spot feedback. Instructors will be able to monitor the students work and assign a final grade through the application.
